I want to charge my watch using a Samsung phone.
Pair ear bud with phone.
I cannot set up voicemail. What should I do?
Do I need to charge the device fully when turning on for the first time?
I have data on my old device. How do I migrate over?
I want to be able to view my watch without unlocking it.
Where to I find remaining battery level?
I want to touch up a photo in my gallery.
Can I connect it to a printer?
I want to turn off notification, how can I do so?
Can I wear my watch whilst swimming?
I tore my ear tip. How to change?
The device feels very hot during charging. Is this normal?
My tablet has run of storage space.
I have dropped my phone into water. There is no sound from the device. What should I do?
Is there a problem if I place the parts as I please?
Can I put the refrigerator in a sunny place?
How do I set up the refrigerator initially?
Can I set the refrigerator temperature as I want?
What is Power Cool?
If I leave the refrigerator door open, will there be a sound after a few minutes?
Where can I check the temperature of the refrigerator?
How do I clean it?
Can I replace the LED Lamp as I please?
I hear a strange noise from the refrigerator. Is it broken?
Where is the best place in the kitchen to install the refrigerator?
Up to what temperature can the back of the refrigerator rise? I'm worried about it exploding.
What should I do if the door falls off?
How much does the Door bin weigh?
The manual's illustrations are hard to understand. Are there any photos?
Installing by the manual is too difficult. Please call a technician.
A warning appears. Why?
Can children not use it?
There's a noise after installation. Is this normal?
What happens if I put in clothes that aren't damp?
Can't I press the button if my hand is wet?
Can I use the one I bought in Korea in the USA?
Can't I install the dryer outside?
I can't open the door.
A screw is missing.
How do I separate the door?
What can I check on the control panel?
How many kilos can I put in?
What can I do with the Wi-Fi function?
Can I change the language?
It seems my clothes aren't drying properly.
What happens if I put in hard objects?
Can I continuously dry at exactly 25°C?
What's the lifespan of the dryer?
The washing machine isn't working. How can I fix it?
How many kilos can I put in?
It seems not enough water is coming out during washing.
How can I set the water temperature?
Can I install the washing machine on a slope?
How much detergent should I put in?
Can I wash blankets?
It seems to smell inside the washing machine.
My step count isn't accurate when I run.
The step count on my phone and Watch is different.
The vibration feels too strong.
The vibration feels too weak.
The vibration doesn't work.
Can I reply to messages using voice recognition?
Is it waterproof?
What's the most convenient way to reply to messages?
How do I get the clearest call quality?
I lost the right one.
The sound isn't clear.
How many hours can I use it after one battery charge?
What is the 360 audio feature?
Can I use the Buds in airplane mode?
What should I do if I lose the Buds?
I lost the S Pen.
Can I purchase the S Pen separately?
How do I change the pen color?
Can I add sound to a photo?
What should I do if the Note touch doesn't work well?
I can't hear the tablet's sound well.
The facial recognition isn't working.
How do I factory reset?
Can I edit videos taken with the tablet?
What's the functional difference between a phone and a tablet?
How much does the phone weigh?
The phone's image quality seems to be decreasing.
Up to what temperature can the phone withstand?